in this video i'm going to cover the
mistakes i see a ton of beginner
dropshippers making consistently and how
you can avoid losing a lot of money
going down the road in your ecommerce
journey first thing i want to cover in
this video is product selection in my
opinion one of the most important
aspects of starting up your ecommerce
store time and time again i get people
asking me yo andy i don't know why i'm
not getting any sales i'm not getting
any sales i'm not making any money so
what i do i go look at their store and
sure enough they're selling a mediocre
product that provides no value and they
think that just because
they personally like the product or they
believe in this product so will other
people now when you sell a product try
and attach your personal interest from
your product research methods for
example i have a personal interest in
surfing and traveling doesn't mean that
i'm going to specifically search for
products in that industry because it's
my passion
now what you're doing here is really
just limiting yourself from all those
potential products that could be winners
and make you a ton of bread i like to
tell people all the time i don't care if
i'm selling push-up bras makeup nail
cutters stuff that i have zero interest
in but if it's making me a hundred
thousand dollars a month i'm a happy man
now keep in mind one product could
literally change your entire life so
what you want to be focusing on putting
your attention towards when choosing
products is how you can differentiate
yourself from everyone else how can you
make someone's life easier how can you
emotionally connect to someone that has
a passion for something showcasing a
product that a potential customer has
never seen these are things that are
going to help you separate yourself from
the average drop shipper and achieve
results like successful people in this
space and you realize soon that being
extremely meticulous what you choose to
sell is actually going to save you from
going through an endlessly testing
product after product
never finding a winner
and then you're just discouraged and you
think drop shipping doesn't work or you
think it's a scam when in actuality your
practices were just the issue